Add for-end-users section in Milkomeda Rollup Docs (#8)
dcSpark/milkomeda-documentation: docs/algorand/for-end-users/Algorand-Standard-Assets-support.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 5
---
import asadispenser from "@site/static/img/asadispenser.png";
import addasset from "@site/static/img/addasset.png";
import EUReinwallet from "@site/static/img/EUReinwallet.png";
import addingEuretowallet from "@site/static/img/addingEuretowallet.png";
import EURewrappingchoice from "@site/static/img/EURewrappingchoice.png";
import EURewrappingconfirmation from "@site/static/img/EURewrappingconfirmation.png";
import ASAwrappedconfirmations from "@site/static/img/ASAwrappedconfirmations.png";
import AddASSAtoMetamask from "@site/static/img/AddASSAtoMetamask.png";
import ChooseASAtounwrap from "@site/static/img/ChooseASAtounwrap.png";
import ConfirmASAunwrapping from "@site/static/img/ConfirmASAunwrapping.png";
import tokenerc20allowance from "@site/static/img/tokenerc20allowance.png";
import erc20allowance from "@site/static/img/erc20allowance.png";
import unwrappingreqconfirmation from "@site/static/img/unwrappingreqconfirmation.png";

# Algorand Standard Assets support 
<p style={{textAlign:"justify"}}>

> This section gives brief introduction about Algorand Standard Assets (ASAs) supported by the Milkomeda A1 Rollup Bridge and how to move ASA (wrap or unwrap) between Milkomeda A1 Rollup and mainchain (Algorand).

Reviewer: This section gives a brief introduction of the Algorand Standard Assets (ASAs) supported by the Milkomeda A1 Rollup Bridge and how to move ASAs (wrapping or unwrapping) between the Milkomeda A1 Rollup and the mainchain (Algorand).

> This section gives brief introduction about Algorand Standard Assets (ASAs) supported by the Milkomeda A1 Rollup Bridge and how to move ASA (wrap or unwrap) between Milkomeda A1 Rollup and mainchain (Algorand).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section gives a brief introduction of the Algorand Standard Assets (ASAs) supported by the Milkomeda A1 Rollup Bridge and how to move ASAs (wrapping or unwrapping) between the Milkomeda A1 Rollup and the mainchain (Algorand).
```

> Before we will move to the step-by-step instruction it’s important to understand what ASAs are, please check the next part of this tutorial to get familiar with them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before we go through the step-by-step instruction of how to wrap and unwrap ASAs using the Milkomeda A1 bridge it’s important to understand what ASAs are.
```

<h3>Algorand Standard Assets (ASAs)</h3>

> The Algorand Standard Assets (ASAs) are the on-chain assets supported by Algorand that ensures the same security, compatibility and speed as its native currency - Algo. 

Reviewer: Algorand Standard Assets (ASAs) are minted on-chain in a special type of transaction and function with the same level security, compatibility, and speed as Algorand's native currency, the Algo.

> The Algorand Standard Assets (ASAs) are the on-chain assets supported by Algorand that ensures the same security, compatibility and speed as its native currency - Algo. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Algorand Standard Assets (ASAs) are the on-chain assets supported by Algorand that ensures the same security, compatibility and speed as its native currency - Algo. 
```

> ASA can represent stablecoins, in-game currency, loyalty points etc. They can also represent single assets, like collectibles. 

Reviewer: ASAs can represent stablecoins, in-game currencies, loyalty points, etc. They can also represent single assets, like collectibles.

> ASA can represent stablecoins, in-game currency, loyalty points etc. They can also represent single assets, like collectibles. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ASAs can represent stablecoins, in-game currencies, loyalty points, etc. They can also represent single assets, like collectibles.
```

> :::info

Reviewer: :::Info

> :::info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::Info
```

> ASAs that represent multiple assets within the same type can be called "fungible assets” - for example stablecoins. Those that are unique can be called non-fungible assets.<br />

Reviewer: ASAs that are multiple assets of the same type can be called "fungible assets” - stablecoins, for example. Those that are unique are called non-fungible assets.<br />

> ASAs that represent multiple assets within the same type can be called "fungible assets” - for example stablecoins. Those that are unique can be called non-fungible assets.<br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ASAs that are multiple assets of the same type can be called "fungible assets” - stablecoins, for example. Those that are unique are called non-fungible assets. <br />
```

Learn more about ASAs: https://developer.algorand.org/docs/get-details/asa/
:::

> After a brief introduction to what ASA is, let's go over how to add Algorand Standard Asset to the Native Algorand Wallet to move it using Milkomeda A1 bridge.

Reviewer: Now let's go over how to add an Algorand Standard Asset to a native Algorand Wallet so you can then move it using the Milkomeda A1 bridge.

> After a brief introduction to what ASA is, let's go over how to add Algorand Standard Asset to the Native Algorand Wallet to move it using Milkomeda A1 bridge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now let's go over how to add an Algorand Standard Asset to a native Algorand Wallet so you can then move it using the Milkomeda A1 bridge.
```

> <h3>How to add ASA to Algorand Wallet</h3>

Reviewer: <h3>How to add ASA to an Algorand Wallet</h3>

> <h3>How to add ASA to Algorand Wallet</h3>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<h3>How to add an ASA to an Algorand Wallet</h3>
```

> :::info

Reviewer: :::Info

> :::info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::Info
```

Author: this is good, it's not "content" but styling.

> To be able to receive any ASA you need to opt-in your account for this asset first. Any account can receive Algorand Standard Assets, but a potential recipient of a specific ASA must first **opt-in to the asset** so that the account holder does not see their minimum balance requirement increase without their knowing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to receive any ASA you first need to opt-in your account for the asset. Any account can receive Algorand Standard Assets, but a potential recipient of a specific ASA must first **opt-in to the asset** so that the account holder cannot be sent assets without professing a prior desire to receive that asset.
```

"Opting In" to an asset is simply an asset transfer of 0, to and from the opting in account which basically means that you need to add specific asset to your account before transferring it.
:::

**Follow step-by-step guide to opt EURe into your MyAlgo wallet**
<ol>

> <li>Open your MyAlgo wallet</li> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>Open your MyAlgo wallet.</li> 
```

> <li>Press Add Asset button on the right as indicated in the image below </li> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>Press the "Add Asset" button on the right, as highlighted in the image below.</li> 
```

<img src={addasset} className="img-full" alt="adding asset" />

> <li>Input your ASA ID or its symbol (EURE or 12400859) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>Input the ASA ID or its symbol (12400859 or EURE).
```

<img src={addingEuretowallet} alt="adding EURe to Wallet" />

> If you are having trouble finding this particular ASA - check if you have changed the network in the Wallet to Algorand testnet (_in the upper right corner_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are having trouble finding this particular ASA make sure that your Wallet is connected to the Algorand testnet (_in the upper right corner_).
```

</li> 

> <li>Wait until EURe with value of 0 appears on your list of assets in your account</li> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>Wait until EURE with a value of 0 appears in the list of assets in your account.</li> 
```

</ol>

> Now, you can receive EURe on your account using the testnet dispenser! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, your account can receive EURe using the testnet dispenser! 
```

<h3>How to get testnet EURe </h3>

> For the purpose of this tutorial we will focus only on testnet Euros which is default ASA available on official Algorand Testnet dispenser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the purpose of this tutorial we will only focus on testnet Euros, which is the default ASA available from the official Algorand Testnet Dispenser.
```

> Go through the steps below to acquire your first tesnet EURe ASA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go through the steps below to acquire your first testnet EURes.
```

<ol> 

> <li>Go to <a href="https://testnet.algoexplorer.io/dispenser">https://testnet.algoexplorer.io/dispenser</a></li> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>Go to <a href="https://testnet.algoexplorer.io/dispenser">https://testnet.algoexplorer.io/dispenser</a>.</li> 
```

> <li>Select Testnet Euros from the drop-down list as shown in the image below</li> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>Select "Testnet Euros" from the drop-down list, as shown in the image below.</li> 
```

<img src={asadispenser} className="img-full" alt="getting ASA from dispenser" />

> <li>Paste your Algorand wallet address</li> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>Paste your Algorand wallet address.</li>
```

> <li>Complete the required anti-bot verification</li> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>Complete the required anti-bot verification.</li> 
```

> <li>Click Dispense button to receive your Euros</li> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>Click "Dispense" button to receive your Testnet Euros.</li> 
```

</ol> 

> As you received your testnet Euros now you are ready to start interacting with the Milkomeda Alrgorand Rollup bridge. How cool is that! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've received your testnet Euros you are ready to start interacting with the Milkomeda | Algorand A1 Rollup bridge. How cool is that!
```

> <h3>Wrapping Algorand Standard Assets with Milkomeda Bridge</h3>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<h3>Wrapping Algorand Standard Assets with the Milkomeda Bridge</h3>
```

> Go to the Milkomeda A1 bridge dApp at https://algorand-bridge-dev.milkomeda.com/ and select the token that you would like to transfer. To start wrapping your assets, choose **Algorand to Milkomeda** direction from Network Origin dropdown button. Then **select the appropriate token (EURe)** from Select Token dropdown button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the Milkomeda A1 bridge dApp at <a href="https://algorand-bridge-dev.milkomeda.com/">https://algorand-bridge-dev.milkomeda.com/</a>. To start wrapping your assets, choose **Algorand to Milkomeda** direction from the "Network Origin" dropdown menu. Then **select the appropriate token (EURe)** from the "Select Token" dropdown menu.
```

<img src={EURewrappingchoice} className="img-full" alt="Wrapping EURe" />

> :::caution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::Caution
```

> Remember to have a minimum amount of ALGO tokens in your Algorand wallet to move EURe as it will be used for the transaction fee on mainchain. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember, you must have a minimum amount of ALGO tokens in your Algorand wallet to move EURe as it is used to pay the transaction fee on the mainchain. 
```

Reviewer: What is this minimum value? We should mention it here.

:::

**Enter how many test EURe** you want to transfer to the A1 rollup. 

**Click “Next”** to view a transaction summary, complete with “Estimated Fees” and an “Estimated Wrapping Confirmation Time”.

<img src={EURewrappingconfirmation} className="img-full" alt="Confirm EUR Wrapping" />

> **Click “Sign and Send”,** enter your MyAlgo wallet password, confirm transaction and then watch as your tokens get sent to the bridge, wrapped, and sent to your Metamask wallet on the Milkomeda Algorand Rollup! The process should take around 20 seconds to confirm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Click “Sign and Send”,** enter your MyAlgo wallet password, confirm the transaction, and watch as your tokens get sent to the bridge, wrapped, and sent to your Metamask wallet on the Milkomeda | Algorand A1 Rollup! Your transaction should be confirmed in around 20 seconds.
```

> :::info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::Info
```

> The transfer only requires a total of 2 confirmations, which should take approximately 20 seconds (4.5 seconds for Algorand and around 14 seconds for the batch of the Rollup). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The transfer only requires a total of 2 confirmations, which should take approximately 20 seconds (4.5 seconds for the Algorand transaction and around 14 seconds for the batch of the Rollup). 
```

:::
You can now watch your transaction pass through the bridge.
<img src={ASAwrappedconfirmations} className="img-full" alt="ASA wrapping blockchain confirmations" />

> Once the transaction is confirmed, we recommend adding the ASA to the Metamask wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the transaction is confirmed you'll need to add the ASA to your MetaMask wallet.
```

Author: > 

@welshiewelshie , you don't need to - but you should to see it in metamask - it's not like with ASA in Algo wallets.

> **Use the "Import Assets to Metamask" button** visible below the Network Confirmation section to see the wrapped EURe in your Metamask Wallet. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Use the "Import Assets to Metamask" button**, found below the Network Confirmation section, to see the wrapped EURe in your Metamask Wallet. 
```

> This button will bring up your Metamask wallet and ask you to add the wrapped ASA, as shown in the image below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This button will bring up your MetaMask wallet and suggest that you add the wrapped ASA to your wallet, as shown in the image below.
```

<img src={AddASSAtoMetamask}  alt="Add ASA to the Metamask" />

> Click **Add Token** to see your wrapped ASA in Metamask.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click **Add Token** to be able to view your wrapped ASA in your MetaMask wallet.
```

> <h3>Unwrapping Algorand Standard Assets with Milkomeda Bridge</h3>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<h3>Unwrapping Algorand Standard Assets with the Milkomeda Bridge</h3>
```

> Go to the Milkomeda A1 bridge dApp at https://algorand-bridge-dev.milkomeda.com/ and select the token that you would like to unwrapp. To start unwrapping your assets, choose **Milkomeda to Algorand** direction from Network Origin dropdown button. Then **select the appropriate token (EURe)** from Select Token dropdown button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the Milkomeda A1 bridge dApp at <a href="https://algorand-bridge-dev.milkomeda.com/">https://algorand-bridge-dev.milkomeda.com/</a>. To start unwrapping your assets, choose the **Milkomeda to Algorand** direction from the "Network Origin" dropdown menu. Then **select the appropriate token (EURe)** from the "Select Token" dropdown menu.
```

<img src={ChooseASAtounwrap} className="img-full" alt="Choose ASA to unwrap" />

Enter how many test EURe you want to transfer back to Algorand. 
**Click “Next”** to view a transaction summary, complete with “Estimated Fees” and an “Estimated Wrapping Confirmation Time”.

> :::caution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::Caution
```

> Remember to have a minimum amount of milkALGO tokens also in your MetaMask wallet to move EURe as it will be used by Bridge to pay for the fees. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember, you must have a minimum amount of milkALGO tokens in your MetaMask wallet to move EURe as they are used by the Bridge to pay the rollup transaction fees.
```

:::

> **Click “Sign and Send”**, and your Metamask Wallet will show-up. Now you need to approve ERC-20 allowance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Click “Sign and Send”**, and your MetaMask Wallet will show-up. Now you need to approve an ERC-20 allowance. 
```

> :::note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::Note
```

> Giving ERC20 allowance simply means that the user grants the approval for another contract/address, so they are able to transfer ERC20 tokens. In other words it allows other addresses to spend the token. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Giving ERC20 allowance simply means that the user approves another contract/address to be able to transfer their ERC20 tokens. In other words, it allows other addresses to spend the token. 
```

:::

<img src={erc20allowance}  alt="Confirm ASA unwrapping" />

> After confirming ERC-20 Allowance in MetaMask the dApp will wait for the allowance approval from the EVM.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After ERC-20 Allowance is confirmed in MetaMask the dApp will wait to receive the allowance approval from the EVM.  
```

<img src={tokenerc20allowance} className="img-full" alt="Confirm ASA unwrapping" />

> In our scenario, we approve moving ERC20 token (in example EURe) by the bridge contract. Thanks to this, the contract is able to move the token from user’s account on EVM to the bridge, where the unwrapping is performed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our scenario we are approving the transfer of ERC20 tokens (e.g. EURe) by the bridge contract. As a result, the contract is able to move the token from the user’s account on the EVM to the bridge, where the unwrapping is performed. 
```

> **Once the ERC20 allowance is approved, we can proceed to submitting an unwrapping request**. Metamask will show-up once againg to approve the unwrapping request transaction. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Once the ERC20 allowance is approved, we can proceed to submitting an unwrapping request**. MetaMask will pop up once again to ask for approval of the requested transaction. 
```

<img src={unwrappingreqconfirmation}  alt="Confirm ASA unwrapping" />

In the last step of ASA unwrapping procedure, 1MILKALGO unwrapping fee must be paid to the validators for processing unwrapping request.

> **Congratulations!** You’ve just unwrapped your ASA from the Milkomeda Algorand Rollup back to the Algorand!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Congratulations!** You’ve just unwrapped your ASA from the Milkomeda | Algorand A1 Rollup back to the Algorand!
```
